oh my god what do i do
I need why I myself for a long time
watched you exactly i need you if
you do not agree, I will kill your family Ufa
boyars and secret development but we don't
know that it's your task to find out and
report back to me here so I
I will arrange for you to be transferred there from the army
and if you check, do not be afraid more right
stand stand and do not touch me I do with
than and bitch stand bastard you stand smith yes
I talked a little about those and I
for you and the task at the fabric factory
information
need to penetrate and find out what's smarter there
his man fbi he will take you there
grow and eat well and who are you
Minor and I do a good translation
congratulations to me guys now fbi
we have here two main rules once
observe charter 2 without violating discipline
well, the main thing you work well for me
understood that what is free and you at least
what is your name benito how nice that
about the task we have to search
employees lvpd I need helpers you
just learn how to search
make a company of course
forward
driver lived office
health wish it all your staff up
you can start
so vpd staff badge is written
Klaus Velasco
ok let's proceed to check so show
your top pocket and ok so now
lower well you're clean so employee
front brian lopes
so the upper pockets are clean below too
no prohibited items found
well officer your employees are clean
drugs do not use congratulations to you
check can be considered finished Kiev
well guys send
damn well of course cool i would also like
so search yes yes it was
cool learn cadets that dictate
guys do not let down of course here is good
from my car broke down
fuck off the tanker
well time on the way they are even boring
husband peasant include
yes sash or
so cadets are your first working day
came to an end that you learned to me very
liked today's work day
especially liked you worth the cop
department and i realized how it is done
it really was easy daw we
found nothing
okay so cadets
tomorrow we also go to the service smoothly
at eight o'clock so that no one is late
well and now all home